For our final project, we are creating an Android mobile application called “Treasure Hunt.” “Treasure Hunt” is a game in which the user walks around to open treasure chests that are placed in different locations around the UVa Grounds.  All treasure chests near the user will be shown on the map, so the user will just need to navigate to the chests using the map to open them.  Once the user is within 200 feet of a treasure chest, the user may shake his phone to unlock it. A pop-up screen will appear confirming that the chest has been opened. It will also let the user know how many coins he has received from the chest. All chests contain coins, but have varying amounts. These chests will be placed in specific locations around Grounds and will not move locations even after they are opened. Instead, each chest can only be opened once every three hours. Thus, the user may open a chest and come back to that chest after three hours to open it again. With these coins, the user may go to the “Shop” tab to purchase different prizes that have varying costs. Once purchased, the prize will go to the user’s inventory in the “Prizes” tab. A user may purchase the same prize multiple times. Some prizes will be more expensive than others. The game also has an “Achievements” tab, which lists all of the achievements the user has obtained thus far. The user will obtain achievements based on different requirements. For example, a user may receive an achievement once he has purchased at least one of each prize. A user can also receive an achievement for purchasing 100 of a specific prize. An achievement will remain hidden until the user has reached the objective to unlock it. Within the menu bar, there is also a “Leaderboard” tab. Going to that tab will bring up a screen with the top ten players with the highest scores. The scores will be based on how many treasure chests the player has opened. The leaderboard will be updated regularly to keep up with players’ increasing scores. We will keep track of who has the highest scores by creating a web service that we can post users’ data to in order to compare scores and make the leaderboard.

If you look at the wireframes, the first picture in the upper left corner shows the initial screen the user will see when starting the application. This is where the user may log in or sign up for an account. To log in, the user must enter his email address and password and then click on the log in button to be taken to the main page. Otherwise, the user may click on the sign up button if he does not already have an account. The sign up button will take the user to the sign up page where the user will have to input his first name, last name, email address, password and also confirm his password for accuracy reasons. Once all of those fields have been filled out, the user may click on the sign up button to be taken to the main page. The main page, which is the third screen in the top row in the wireframe document, consists of a map based on the user’s current location. The user will be represented as a blinking red dot that will be determined using the phone’s GPS system. The red dot will move as the user moves around. Around the user’s red dot, there will be a circle that has a radius of 200 feet. Any treasures chests appearing within this circle will be available for the user to open. The box with an “x” in it represents the treasure chest. Since the treasure chest is within range of the user, meaning it is within the circle’s boundary, the user may open the chest. Opening the chest will bring up a pop-up screen as seen in the first screen on the bottom row of the wireframe document. The pop-up screen will let you know you have found a treasure and will tell you how many coins you have received from it. Clicking on OK on the pop-up screen will bring the user back to the main page, the map. The treasure will still be in the same location, but will be locked for three hours. Thus, the user will not be able to open it again until then. On the main page, there is a menu side bar button that the user may click to access other pages. Clicking on the button will show the user’s name, email address, the total coins the user currently has, the “Prizes” tab, the “Achievements” tab, the “Leaderboard” tab, the “Shop” tab, and a log out button. Clicking on the prizes tab will take the user to the prize activity. The screen will showcase all of the prizes and how many of each prize the user currently has. The user can scroll down to see more of his prizes. To go back to the main page, the user can click on the back button in the upper left corner. In the menu side bar, clicking on the “Achievements” tab will take the user to a screen that showcases all of the achievements that the user has obtained. Next to each medal, there will be a description explaining what the achievement/medal is for. Just like in the “Prizes” screen, the user may click on the back button in the upper left corner to go back to the main page. Clicking on the “Leaderboard” tab in the menu side bar will bring the user to a page listing the top ten users with the highest scores in the game. After looking at the leaderboard, the user may click on the back button in the upper left-hand corner to go back to the main page. Clicking on the “Shop” tab in the menu side bar will bring up a screen with different prizes the user may purchase. There will be a picture for each prize along with a label showing how much the prize is. There will be a “Buy” button for each prize in order for the user to purchase that specific item. The shop screen will also show how many coins the user currently owns. When clicking on the “Buy” button for an item, a pop-up screen will appear with a thank you message confirming that the purchase had gone through. The user may then click on the OK button to go back to the shop page. To go back to the main page, the user may click on the back button in the upper left corner. Finally, the user may click on the log out button in the menu side bar to log out of his account and go back to the log in/sign up screen.
